[DOCS-14922] Undo multi-lang code and rename Tag Control metrics processor (#37694)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/processors/tag_allow_block_list.md

---
title: Tag Allow and Block List

> description: Learn how to use the Tag Control processor for metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to use the Tag Allow and Block List processor for metrics.
```

disable_toc: false
aliases:

>   - /observability_pipelines/processors/tag_control/metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - /observability_pipelines/processors/tag_control/metrics/
```
